---
layout: post
title:  "Explain what you think 2 major challenges around DNS configuration are for less-technical internet end-users."
date:   2017-04-27 20:32:00
categories: netlify
---

I think the first major challenge a less-technical internet user would face is wondering what type of record is appropriate. To tell an end-user that a CNAME record is the correct choice without explaining what a CNAME record really is would be a mistake. In my opinion, technical support is best when it doesn't just fix a problem, but it empowers a user to feel like a part of the solution and encourages them to seek out solutions to problems in the future, either on their own or by contacting support again.

Taking a step even further back, I think it's fully possible that you'd need to anticipate that a user might not know what DNS is. A user could conceivably go their entire life using the internet without understanding how DNS functions or why they need it. This is likely the biggest challenge that a less-technical user would face. For everything they visit on the internet, the DNS is just there and it happens without them knowing it. Analogies about street addresses and nicknames for physical places would work well here. You could explain that if you want to get to Walmart, you can type that name into the search box and the GPS will translate that to the street address and help you navigate there. (That is, of course, ignoring that a street address is actually a translation from the latitude and longitude coordinates, but I'm not sure the analogy would need to go quite that far.)
